Update roadmap docs (#1160)
submariner-io/submariner-website: src/content/community/roadmap/_index.en.md

## Planning Process

> For detailed explanation about Submariner Planning process, see [Submariner's Contributing to the project][contributing]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a detailed explanation of Submariner planning process, see [Submariner's Contribution Guide][contributing].
```

## Current Work

Current and near-future work is tracked by [Submariner's open Projects][projects].

## Future Work

> Future work which is not planned for the current release can be found in the [enhancements] repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Future work which is not planned for the current release can be found in the [backlog board](https://github.com/orgs/submariner-io/projects/29/views/1) and the [enhancements] repository.
```

Should we mention the backlog board here?

> Future work which is not planned for current release, can be found in the [enhancements] repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Future work which is not planned for the current release can be found in the [enhancements] repository.
```

I see the backlog board is closed. Are we not using it anymore? I've still been adding issues to it during scrub calls.

https://github.com/orgs/submariner-io/projects/15

Author: @dfarrell07 - I have migrated the backlog board from the old project type to the new one, here is the new link: https://github.com/orgs/submariner-io/projects/29/views/1
See here: https://docs.github.com/en/issues/organizing-your-work-with-project-boards/managing-project-boards/about-project-boards

Reviewer: Ah okay, makes sense. Suggestion to link to it below.
